ARMOR Lab Notes, 2013-09-03
    In this test we define some tentative scoring mechanisms and study the 
    effectiveness of the various weather pattern matching algorithms.  We humbly
    thank Miss Tina Chen from the CWB for her great help in getting and coasing 
    the data.


BASIC IDEA:
    Weather patterns should be matched by a mix of various criteria:  local, 
    regional and global similarity, similarity of the predicted onland rainfall,
    similarity/dissimilarity of shape/size/intensity, etc.


METHODOLOGY:
    We take a set (or several sets) of data and run the various matching tests 
    on them, and compare the matching scores with human decisions.

    Human decisions should follow the BASIC IDEA outlined above, with some 
    flexibility for judgement - to be written down a posteriori, so that we can 
    build a more sophisticated algorithm next.


PROCEDURE:
    1.  Obtain the data sets for KONG-REY from the Central Weather Bureau (CWB) 
        via Miss Tina Chen [DONE; see below]
    2.  Construct the DBZstreams (sort out the input/output attribtues etc)
    3.  Define the testing algorithms, and write up the ideas behind each one.

OUR DATA:
    Our data consists of 20 model output as well as radar observations from the 
    CWB from UTC 2013-08-29.0000 - 2013-08during the approach of Severe Tropical
    Storm Kong-Rey to Taiwan.

ORGANISATION:
    1.  This test is organised and presented in two ways: 
        a.  We split the data into 20 models.  For each model for each day we 
            perform the sequence matching to see the performance of each model
        b.  We split the data into days, with 6 sets of images for each model
            each day. For each day we choose the best match.

    2.  After we perform the tests, we write up as described above.

ALGORITHMS TO BE TESTED:
    Baseline tests:
        1.  global correlation test
        2.  global moment test
    Regional tests:
        3.  local moment test (after Mr. Chen Sin Gam)
        4.  Clustering test
    Local/differential feature tests:
        5.  gabor filter test
    Transformation tests:
        6.  Professor Lee's test
    Mix-and-match:
        7.  bla
 
REPORT FORMAT:
    Data:
        data source, data type, data structures,
    Algorithms:
        basic idea, outline, sample codes, references
    Results:
        charts, pictures
    Summary and conclusion:
        1.  discussion on the strengths and weaknesses of each algorithm,
            and how these algorithms can work together
        2.  suggestion of what to do next
    
BONUS:
    Need a reference manual for the python armor module soon.
            



